README.md, before:

![CF](https://cdn.geekwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Code-Fellows-logo-277x300.jpg)
# Reading Notes
At Code Fellows, we believe in starting with the right foundation. Our 100-level courses introduce coding beginners to the world of software development, from basic HTML and CSS to the many career paths available for developers.

All classes in the 100 level are beginner-friendly, with every student starting at the same point—no prerequisites or previous experience required. If you’re exploring the potential of a career in tech, preparing for our Code 
[201](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-201/foundations-of-software-development/ "Code Fellows 201") course, or just need a basic understanding of web development, we've got you covered.

## Code 102

If you’re ready to get unstuck and move beyond the concepts covered in Code 101, come work with experienced developers who can help guide you through your learning. Join us for Code 102! You’ll receive 30 hours of instruction as you blast through preparations for Code 201, while getting a tour of the tools and techniques of modern developers.

## Overview

Not sure where or how to start learning software development? Or maybe you’re discouraged by the confusing interfaces, unclear error messages, and unexplained concepts of online coding tutorials. Just want a little help ramping up for Code 201?

If you’re ready to get unstuck and move beyond the concepts covered in Code 101, come work with experienced developers who can help guide you through your learning. Join us for Code 102! You’ll blast through preparations for Code 201, while getting a tour of the tools and techniques of modern developers.

Pick the track that works for you! Flexible course options means you can fit Code 102 into your life:

**Daytime Immersive** - Get it done in one week. Come to campus daily for live, in-person instruction, and collaborate on assignments with peers.

**Nights & Weekends** - Keep your day job, but finish the class in 2 weeks. Join your instructor weeknights and all day Saturday for live, in-person instruction, and collaboration on assignments with peers.

**Self-paced Online** - Get it done on YOUR schedule. Access recorded lecture videos and live chat with peers. Finish class in under a month, on your own timeline, with scheduled screen-share support from your instructor.

## Outcomes
By the end of this workshop, you will:

- Complete the entirety of Code 201's required prework.
- Configure your computer and see the workflow for serious software development, with free and open-source tools.
- Dive deeper into proper usage of “semantic” HTML tags.
- Practice utilizing CSS to make your web pages look the way you want.
- Get introduced to programming concepts like: Variables, Conditionals and Loops.
- Learn how to utilize JavaScript.
- Be more prepared for the challenges ahead in Code 201, or in learning to code anywhere.
- Have a wider network of new and experienced developers, and prepare your resume for all the awesome new skills you are about to learn.
## Prerequisites
- Required: Computer updated with latest version of OS, all security patches installed. See “Material Requirements” below.
- Required: Familiarity with basic algebra concepts.
- Required: Code 101 or equivalent exposure to basic HTML and CSS.
- Recommended: Be able to type at least 30 words per minute.
## Topics
Web Development
- Tie together HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in an interactive web page.- 
- Use the same tools utilized by professionals across the tech industry, right on your own laptop.
- Learn the benefits of version control with Git and GitHub.
JavaScript Programming
- ariables & Storing Data
- Conditionals
- "For" Loops
- Everything you need to know for the 201 Entrance Test!
Collaboration
- Get help from an experienced instructor or teaching assistant.
- Open time during each class session to work on independent and paired challenges.
- Ask questions related to the code assignments, or programming in general.
- Prepare for the career change with guidied coaching on how to set up your resume.
## Multiple Track Options
**Daytime Immersive**
Ready to dive in full time? Work through the course in just one week. Get trained via live, in-person instruction from an experienced developer and trainer. Work through your hands-on assignments in collaboration with peers looking to switch into a career in software development.

**Nights & Weekends**
Not quite ready to quit your day job? The Nights & Weekends track may be part-time, but it’s still intensive! Come to campus weeknights for 2 weeks and on one Saturday for the exact same in-depth curriculum offered in the Daytime Immersive. Your instructor will be there for every class, providing live code demos, guiding you through lab assignments, to help you and your peers level up.

**Self-paced Online**
Want to prepare for Code 201 at your own pace? Build your own schedule to complete the same curriculum in our self-paced online option. Access lecture videos from the Daytime Immersive, join a chat channel dedicated to you and your peers, and schedule screen-share sessions with an instructor to help you get unstuck. Take up to a month to work through the hands-on assignments, turning them in for grading through the exact same system the other tracks use.

## Material Requirements
You are required to supply your own laptop that meets the below requirements. Chromebooks are not suitable for this course, since you can’t directly control installed software. You are responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of your computer throughout the course. The course will include a class session dedicated to configuring your computer to be ready for professional-grade software development the first day of class.

- 64-bit Operating System, like macOS or Windows 10.
- Fully up to date, with the latest version of the operating system and all security updates installed.
- At least 50GB of free space on the hard drive.
- At least 8GB of RAM. 16GB RAM strongly preferred.
- Free of viruses, and in general working order.
By the first day of class
- You will also need the [Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett](https://www.amazon.com/Web-Design-HTML-JavaScript-jQuery/dp/1119038634/ref=mt_hardcover?_encoding=UTF8&me= "Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett")
## Professionalism
Punctuality, participation in discussions, completion of assignments, and demonstration of professional courtesy to others are required, in accordance with our Code of Conduct. Attendance will be taken at the beginning of every class. Students should always contact the instructors ahead of time if they are unable to attend all or part of published class / lab hours.

## Code 201 - Foundation of Software Development
| Tables   	                                                            |      Are                                     	|
|----------	|:-------------:	|
| [Class 01](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-01) 	|  Read: 01 - Introductory HTML and JavaScript	|
| [Class 02](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-02) 	|  Read: 02 - HTML Text, CSS Introduction, and Basic JavaScript Instructions   	|
| [Class 03](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-03) 	|  Read: 03 - HTML Lists, CSS Boxes, JS Control Flow 	|
| [Class 04](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-04)  |  Read: 04 - HTML Links, CSS Layout, JS Functions             	|
| [Class 04](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-04)  |  Read: 05 - HTML Images; CSS Color & Text             	|
|[Class 05](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-05)          	|Read: 05 - HTML Images; CSS Color & Text               	|
|[Class 06](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-06)          	|Read: 06 - JS Object Literals; The DOM               	|
|[Class 07](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-07)           	|Read: 07 - HTML Tables; JS Constructor Functions               	|
|[Class 08](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-08)   |HTML/CSS book, Ch. 15, “Layout” (again; repeat of Class 4 reading)               	|
|[Class 09](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-09)   |Read: 09 - Forms and Events               	|
|[Class 10](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-10)   |Read: 10 - JS Debugging|
|[Class 11](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-11)   |Read: 11 - Assorted Topics               	|
|          	|               	|
|[Class 13](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-13)    |Read: 13 - Local Storage               	|




## Overview
Build a strong software development foundation and learn how to use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and various libraries to create fully-functional web apps.

This course guides students toward developing a well-rounded foundation of skills necessary for modern web development. These skills include HTML, CSS, and JavaScript coding; utilizing Git workflow processes; project organization; designing with wireframing; and employing introductory Agile development methods.

Daytime and Nights & Weekend tracks are each 160 hours total. Course hours include lecture, lab, and coworking.

## Outcomes
At the end of this course, you will:

- Define the structure of a web page utilizing the semantic hierarchical structural conventions of HTML5.
- Apply CSS and HTML to implement page layout styles including grid, fluid, and responsive techniques; and to style content with color, typography, and images.
- Utilize Javascript to make web projects interactive, such that user input is stored and processed to create updated and personalized content when a user interacts with a page.
- Write JavaScript that leverages the fundamentals of Computer Science, the Object-Oriented Programming paradigm, basic data types, data structures, and basic algorithms, so that the code is efficient, error-free, and matches commonly accepted standards and practices of syntax and style, as measured by the code’s functionality and ability to pass a code linter.
- Utilize industry standard version control tools and workflows, including Git and GitHub, to write functional, properly styled code and to work efficiently and harmoniously in professional environments.
- Be prepared for a [Code 301 Course](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-301/intermediate-software-development/ "Code Fellows 301").  
## Prerequisites
- Required: Familiarity with [basic algebra concepts](https://www.mathsisfun.com/algebra/index.html).
- [Code 101: Explore Software Development](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-101/explore-software-development/): If you are completely new to coding, complete Code 101 to build your first website using HTML and CSS and to find out if a career in software development is right for you.
- [Code 102: Intro to Software Development](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-102/intro-to-software-development/): Prepare for the Code 201 deep-dive with instructor-led labs introducing you to the professional tools of the trade, like git and the powerful VSCode text editor. Practice more with HTML & CSS, and learn basic JavaScript as you deploy themed websites with GitHub Pages.
## Topics
Concepts
- HTML5 and CSS3
- Object-Oriented Programming
- Introductory Data Structures & Algorithms
- Document Object Model (DOM) Manipulation & Traversal
- Multiple Approaches to Page Layout
- Using GitHub Repos and Sharing Code With Project Teams
Languages
- HTML
    - Structure
    - Text
    - Links
    - Images
    - Tables
    - HTML5
    - Forms
    - Process
    - Design
- CSS
    - Color
    - Text
    - Boxes
    - Lists
    - Tables
    - Forms
    - Grid Layouts
    - Fluid Layouts
    - Animations and Transitions
- JavaScript
    - Loops
    - Conditions
    - Functions
    - Objects (Including Properties and Methods)
    - Object-Oriented Programming
    - Object Extension with Prototypes
    - Events, Event Listeners, and Event Handlers in Callback Functions
    - DOM Manipulation and Traversal Using "Vanilla" JavaScript without jQuery
    - Utilization of an external library such as ChartJS
    - Local Storage and JSON
    - The Basics of MVC  
Environments and Tools
- Unix and the Command Prompt
- Git and GitHub
- A Text Editor
- Chrome Dev Tools
## Career Transition Services
Changing careers is about more than learning a new skill. In tandem with your software development education, you will receive powerful career-building strategic training so you can confidently start your job search as soon as (or even before!) you graduate.

Our Career Transition Services provide training, mentoring, leadership, and introductions to industry partners to help you become a more well-rounded software developer and a leader in your field. These services, which start in Code 201 and continue after Code 401 graduation, involve a series of events, workshops, and assignments that help you think holistically about your new career and take actionable steps towards success. Learn More »

## Material Requirements
You are required to supply your own laptop that meets the below requirements. Chromebooks are not suitable for this course, since you can’t directly control installed software. Most students use Macs. You are responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of your computer throughout the course. The course pre-work will have specific instructions for configuring your computer to be ready for the first day of class.

- 64-bit Operating System, like macOS or Windows 10.
- Fully up to date, with the latest version of the operating system and all security updates installed.
- At least 50GB of free space on the hard drive.
- At least 8GB of RAM. 16GB RAM strongly preferred.
- Free of viruses, and in general working order.
By the first day of class, you will need:

- The latest version of Google Chrome
- The Visual Studio Code editor
- A GitHub account
- The Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett
## Stacked Modules
Concepts in each of our courses are taught using stacked modules, where a new concept is introduced in each class session, building upon what came before it. This is a challenging style that requires persistence, practice, and collaboration, but allows more concepts to be introduced over the length of the course. This method helps students learn and retain more information in a short period of time. Learn more about stacked modules »

##  Homework Policy
In order to pass the class, students must attain at least 90% of available points.

## Professionalism
Punctuality, participation in discussions, completion of assignments, and demonstration of professional courtesy to others are required. Attendance will be taken at the beginning of every class. Passing requires at least 90% attendance. Students should always contact the instructors ahead of time if they are unable to attend all or part of a class session.

## Code 301 - Intermidiate Software Development

## Code 401 - Advanced Software Development

Commit message:

added link on readme to class12

README.md, after:

![CF](https://cdn.geekwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Code-Fellows-logo-277x300.jpg)
# Reading Notes
At Code Fellows, we believe in starting with the right foundation. Our 100-level courses introduce coding beginners to the world of software development, from basic HTML and CSS to the many career paths available for developers.

All classes in the 100 level are beginner-friendly, with every student starting at the same point—no prerequisites or previous experience required. If you’re exploring the potential of a career in tech, preparing for our Code 
[201](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-201/foundations-of-software-development/ "Code Fellows 201") course, or just need a basic understanding of web development, we've got you covered.

## Code 102

If you’re ready to get unstuck and move beyond the concepts covered in Code 101, come work with experienced developers who can help guide you through your learning. Join us for Code 102! You’ll receive 30 hours of instruction as you blast through preparations for Code 201, while getting a tour of the tools and techniques of modern developers.

## Overview

Not sure where or how to start learning software development? Or maybe you’re discouraged by the confusing interfaces, unclear error messages, and unexplained concepts of online coding tutorials. Just want a little help ramping up for Code 201?

If you’re ready to get unstuck and move beyond the concepts covered in Code 101, come work with experienced developers who can help guide you through your learning. Join us for Code 102! You’ll blast through preparations for Code 201, while getting a tour of the tools and techniques of modern developers.

Pick the track that works for you! Flexible course options means you can fit Code 102 into your life:

**Daytime Immersive** - Get it done in one week. Come to campus daily for live, in-person instruction, and collaborate on assignments with peers.

**Nights & Weekends** - Keep your day job, but finish the class in 2 weeks. Join your instructor weeknights and all day Saturday for live, in-person instruction, and collaboration on assignments with peers.

**Self-paced Online** - Get it done on YOUR schedule. Access recorded lecture videos and live chat with peers. Finish class in under a month, on your own timeline, with scheduled screen-share support from your instructor.

## Outcomes
By the end of this workshop, you will:

- Complete the entirety of Code 201's required prework.
- Configure your computer and see the workflow for serious software development, with free and open-source tools.
- Dive deeper into proper usage of “semantic” HTML tags.
- Practice utilizing CSS to make your web pages look the way you want.
- Get introduced to programming concepts like: Variables, Conditionals and Loops.
- Learn how to utilize JavaScript.
- Be more prepared for the challenges ahead in Code 201, or in learning to code anywhere.
- Have a wider network of new and experienced developers, and prepare your resume for all the awesome new skills you are about to learn.
## Prerequisites
- Required: Computer updated with latest version of OS, all security patches installed. See “Material Requirements” below.
- Required: Familiarity with basic algebra concepts.
- Required: Code 101 or equivalent exposure to basic HTML and CSS.
- Recommended: Be able to type at least 30 words per minute.
## Topics
Web Development
- Tie together HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in an interactive web page.- 
- Use the same tools utilized by professionals across the tech industry, right on your own laptop.
- Learn the benefits of version control with Git and GitHub.
JavaScript Programming
- ariables & Storing Data
- Conditionals
- "For" Loops
- Everything you need to know for the 201 Entrance Test!
Collaboration
- Get help from an experienced instructor or teaching assistant.
- Open time during each class session to work on independent and paired challenges.
- Ask questions related to the code assignments, or programming in general.
- Prepare for the career change with guidied coaching on how to set up your resume.
## Multiple Track Options
**Daytime Immersive**
Ready to dive in full time? Work through the course in just one week. Get trained via live, in-person instruction from an experienced developer and trainer. Work through your hands-on assignments in collaboration with peers looking to switch into a career in software development.

**Nights & Weekends**
Not quite ready to quit your day job? The Nights & Weekends track may be part-time, but it’s still intensive! Come to campus weeknights for 2 weeks and on one Saturday for the exact same in-depth curriculum offered in the Daytime Immersive. Your instructor will be there for every class, providing live code demos, guiding you through lab assignments, to help you and your peers level up.

**Self-paced Online**
Want to prepare for Code 201 at your own pace? Build your own schedule to complete the same curriculum in our self-paced online option. Access lecture videos from the Daytime Immersive, join a chat channel dedicated to you and your peers, and schedule screen-share sessions with an instructor to help you get unstuck. Take up to a month to work through the hands-on assignments, turning them in for grading through the exact same system the other tracks use.

## Material Requirements
You are required to supply your own laptop that meets the below requirements. Chromebooks are not suitable for this course, since you can’t directly control installed software. You are responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of your computer throughout the course. The course will include a class session dedicated to configuring your computer to be ready for professional-grade software development the first day of class.

- 64-bit Operating System, like macOS or Windows 10.
- Fully up to date, with the latest version of the operating system and all security updates installed.
- At least 50GB of free space on the hard drive.
- At least 8GB of RAM. 16GB RAM strongly preferred.
- Free of viruses, and in general working order.
By the first day of class
- You will also need the [Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett](https://www.amazon.com/Web-Design-HTML-JavaScript-jQuery/dp/1119038634/ref=mt_hardcover?_encoding=UTF8&me= "Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett")
## Professionalism
Punctuality, participation in discussions, completion of assignments, and demonstration of professional courtesy to others are required, in accordance with our Code of Conduct. Attendance will be taken at the beginning of every class. Students should always contact the instructors ahead of time if they are unable to attend all or part of published class / lab hours.

## Code 201 - Foundation of Software Development
| Tables   	                                                            |      Are                                     	|
|----------	|:-------------:	|
| [Class 01](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-01) 	|  Read: 01 - Introductory HTML and JavaScript	|
| [Class 02](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-02) 	|  Read: 02 - HTML Text, CSS Introduction, and Basic JavaScript Instructions   	|
| [Class 03](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-03) 	|  Read: 03 - HTML Lists, CSS Boxes, JS Control Flow 	|
| [Class 04](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-04)  |  Read: 04 - HTML Links, CSS Layout, JS Functions             	|
| [Class 04](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-04)  |  Read: 05 - HTML Images; CSS Color & Text             	|
|[Class 05](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-05)          	|Read: 05 - HTML Images; CSS Color & Text               	|
|[Class 06](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-06)          	|Read: 06 - JS Object Literals; The DOM               	|
|[Class 07](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-07)           	|Read: 07 - HTML Tables; JS Constructor Functions               	|
|[Class 08](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-08)   |HTML/CSS book, Ch. 15, “Layout” (again; repeat of Class 4 reading)               	|
|[Class 09](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-09)   |Read: 09 - Forms and Events               	|
|[Class 10](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-10)   |Read: 10 - JS Debugging|
|[Class 11](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-11)   |Read: 11 - Assorted Topics               	|
|[Class 11](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-11)  	|Read: 12 - Docs for the HTML <canvas> Element & Chart.js               	|
|[Class 13](https://bryantdavis1986.github.io/reading-notes/class-13)    |Read: 13 - Local Storage               	|




## Overview
Build a strong software development foundation and learn how to use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and various libraries to create fully-functional web apps.

This course guides students toward developing a well-rounded foundation of skills necessary for modern web development. These skills include HTML, CSS, and JavaScript coding; utilizing Git workflow processes; project organization; designing with wireframing; and employing introductory Agile development methods.

Daytime and Nights & Weekend tracks are each 160 hours total. Course hours include lecture, lab, and coworking.

## Outcomes
At the end of this course, you will:

- Define the structure of a web page utilizing the semantic hierarchical structural conventions of HTML5.
- Apply CSS and HTML to implement page layout styles including grid, fluid, and responsive techniques; and to style content with color, typography, and images.
- Utilize Javascript to make web projects interactive, such that user input is stored and processed to create updated and personalized content when a user interacts with a page.
- Write JavaScript that leverages the fundamentals of Computer Science, the Object-Oriented Programming paradigm, basic data types, data structures, and basic algorithms, so that the code is efficient, error-free, and matches commonly accepted standards and practices of syntax and style, as measured by the code’s functionality and ability to pass a code linter.
- Utilize industry standard version control tools and workflows, including Git and GitHub, to write functional, properly styled code and to work efficiently and harmoniously in professional environments.
- Be prepared for a [Code 301 Course](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-301/intermediate-software-development/ "Code Fellows 301").  
## Prerequisites
- Required: Familiarity with [basic algebra concepts](https://www.mathsisfun.com/algebra/index.html).
- [Code 101: Explore Software Development](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-101/explore-software-development/): If you are completely new to coding, complete Code 101 to build your first website using HTML and CSS and to find out if a career in software development is right for you.
- [Code 102: Intro to Software Development](https://www.codefellows.org/courses/code-102/intro-to-software-development/): Prepare for the Code 201 deep-dive with instructor-led labs introducing you to the professional tools of the trade, like git and the powerful VSCode text editor. Practice more with HTML & CSS, and learn basic JavaScript as you deploy themed websites with GitHub Pages.
## Topics
Concepts
- HTML5 and CSS3
- Object-Oriented Programming
- Introductory Data Structures & Algorithms
- Document Object Model (DOM) Manipulation & Traversal
- Multiple Approaches to Page Layout
- Using GitHub Repos and Sharing Code With Project Teams
Languages
- HTML
    - Structure
    - Text
    - Links
    - Images
    - Tables
    - HTML5
    - Forms
    - Process
    - Design
- CSS
    - Color
    - Text
    - Boxes
    - Lists
    - Tables
    - Forms
    - Grid Layouts
    - Fluid Layouts
    - Animations and Transitions
- JavaScript
    - Loops
    - Conditions
    - Functions
    - Objects (Including Properties and Methods)
    - Object-Oriented Programming
    - Object Extension with Prototypes
    - Events, Event Listeners, and Event Handlers in Callback Functions
    - DOM Manipulation and Traversal Using "Vanilla" JavaScript without jQuery
    - Utilization of an external library such as ChartJS
    - Local Storage and JSON
    - The Basics of MVC  
Environments and Tools
- Unix and the Command Prompt
- Git and GitHub
- A Text Editor
- Chrome Dev Tools
## Career Transition Services
Changing careers is about more than learning a new skill. In tandem with your software development education, you will receive powerful career-building strategic training so you can confidently start your job search as soon as (or even before!) you graduate.

Our Career Transition Services provide training, mentoring, leadership, and introductions to industry partners to help you become a more well-rounded software developer and a leader in your field. These services, which start in Code 201 and continue after Code 401 graduation, involve a series of events, workshops, and assignments that help you think holistically about your new career and take actionable steps towards success. Learn More »

## Material Requirements
You are required to supply your own laptop that meets the below requirements. Chromebooks are not suitable for this course, since you can’t directly control installed software. Most students use Macs. You are responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of your computer throughout the course. The course pre-work will have specific instructions for configuring your computer to be ready for the first day of class.

- 64-bit Operating System, like macOS or Windows 10.
- Fully up to date, with the latest version of the operating system and all security updates installed.
- At least 50GB of free space on the hard drive.
- At least 8GB of RAM. 16GB RAM strongly preferred.
- Free of viruses, and in general working order.
By the first day of class, you will need:

- The latest version of Google Chrome
- The Visual Studio Code editor
- A GitHub account
- The Web Design with HTML & CSS, JavaScript & jQuery book set by Jon Duckett
## Stacked Modules
Concepts in each of our courses are taught using stacked modules, where a new concept is introduced in each class session, building upon what came before it. This is a challenging style that requires persistence, practice, and collaboration, but allows more concepts to be introduced over the length of the course. This method helps students learn and retain more information in a short period of time. Learn more about stacked modules »

##  Homework Policy
In order to pass the class, students must attain at least 90% of available points.

## Professionalism
Punctuality, participation in discussions, completion of assignments, and demonstration of professional courtesy to others are required. Attendance will be taken at the beginning of every class. Passing requires at least 90% attendance. Students should always contact the instructors ahead of time if they are unable to attend all or part of a class session.

## Code 301 - Intermidiate Software Development

## Code 401 - Advanced Software Development
