# Readings: Classes & Memory Management
## Classes
* A type that is defined as a class is a reference type. At run time, when you declare a variable of a reference type, the variable contains the value null until you explicitly create an instance of the class by using the new operator, or assign it an object of a compatible type that may have been created elsewhere, as shown in the following example:
* The class keyword is preceded by the access level. Because public is used in this case, anyone can create instances of this class. The name of the class follows the class keyword. The name of the class must be a valid C# identifier name. The remainder of the definition is the class body, where the behavior and data are defined. Fields, properties, methods, and events on a class are collectively referred to as class members.
* Although they are sometimes used interchangeably, a class and an object are different things. A class defines a type of object, but it is not an object itself. An object is a concrete entity based on a class, and is sometimes referred to as an instance of a class.
* When an instance of a class is created, a reference to the object is passed back to the programmer. In the previous example, object1 is a reference to an object that is based on Customer. This reference refers to the new object but does not contain the object data itself. In fact, you can create an object reference without creating an object at all:
* Classes fully support inheritance, a fundamental characteristic of object-oriented programming. When you create a class, you can inherit from any other interface or class that is not defined as sealed, and other classes can inherit from your class and override class virtual methods.
* Unlike C++, a class in C# can only directly inherit from one base class. However, because a base class may itself inherit from another class, a class may indirectly inherit multiple base classes. Furthermore, a class can directly implement more than one interface. For more information, see Interfaces.
* A class can be declared abstract. An abstract class contains abstract methods that have a signature definition but no implementation. Abstract classes cannot be instantiated. They can only be used through derived classes that implement the abstract methods. By contrast, a sealed class does not allow other classes to derive from it. For more information, see Abstract and Sealed Classes and Class Members.
## Constructors (C# Programming Guide)
* Whenever a class or struct is created, its constructor is called. A class or struct may have multiple constructors that take different arguments. Constructors enable the programmer to set default values, limit instantiation, and write code that is flexible and easy to read. For more information and examples, see Using Constructors and Instance Constructors.
* If you don't provide a constructor for your class, C# creates one by default that instantiates the object and sets member variables to the default values as listed in the Default values of C# types article. If you don't provide a constructor for your struct, C# relies on an implicit parameterless constructor to automatically initialize each field to its default value. For more information and examples, see Instance constructors.
* A constructor is a method whose name is the same as the name of its type. Its method signature includes only the method name and its parameter list; it does not include a return type. The following example shows the constructor for a class named Person.
* The previous examples have all shown instance constructors, which create a new object. A class or struct can also have a static constructor, which initializes static members of the type. Static constructors are parameterless. If you don't provide a static constructor to initialize static fields, the C# compiler initializes static fields to their default value as listed in the Default values of C# types article.
## Properties (C# Programming Guide)
* A property is a member that provides a flexible mechanism to read, write, or compute the value of a private field. Properties can be used as if they are public data members, but they are actually special methods called accessors. This enables data to be accessed easily and still helps promote the safety and flexibility of methods.
* Properties enable a class to expose a public way of getting and setting values, while hiding implementation or verification code.
* A get property accessor is used to return the property value, and a set property accessor is used to assign a new value. These accessors can have different access levels. For more information, see Restricting Accessor Accessibility.
* The value keyword is used to define the value being assigned by the set accessor.
* Properties can be read-write (they have both a get and a set accessor), read-only (they have a get accessor but no set accessor), or write-only (they have a set accessor, but no get accessor). Write-only properties are rare and are most commonly used to restrict access to sensitive data.
* Simple properties that require no custom accessor code can be implemented either as expression body definitions or as auto-implemented properties.
* One basic pattern for implementing a property involves using a private backing field for setting and retrieving the property value. The get accessor returns the value of the private field, and the set accessor may perform some data validation before assigning a value to the private field. Both accessors may also perform some conversion or computation on the data before it is stored or returned.