# Readings: Object Oriented Principle
* Inheritance, together with encapsulation and polymorphism, is one of the three primary characteristics of object-oriented programming. Inheritance enables you to create new classes that reuse, extend, and modify the behavior defined in other classes. The class whose members are inherited is called the base class, and the class that inherits those members is called the derived class. A derived class can have only one direct base class. However, inheritance is transitive. If ClassC is derived from ClassB, and ClassB is derived from ClassA, ClassC inherits the members declared in ClassB and ClassA.
* Conceptually, a derived class is a specialization of the base class. For example, if you have a base class Animal, you might have one derived class that is named Mammal and another derived class that is named Reptile. A Mammal is an Animal, and a Reptile is an Animal, but each derived class represents different specializations of the base class.
* Interface declarations may define a default implementation for its members. These implementations are inherited by derived interfaces, and by classes that implement those interfaces. For more information on default interface methods, see the article on interfaces in the language reference section.
* The abstract keyword enables you to create classes and class members that are incomplete and must be implemented in a derived class.
* The sealed keyword enables you to prevent the inheritance of a class or certain class members that were previously marked virtual.
An abstract class cannot be instantiated. The purpose of an abstract class is to provide a common definition of a base class that multiple derived classes can share. For example, a class library may define an abstract class that is used as a parameter to many of its functions, and require programmers using that library to provide their own implementation of the class by creating a derived class.
* Polymorphism is often referred to as the third pillar of object-oriented programming, after encapsulation and inheritance. Polymorphism is a Greek word that means "many-shaped" and it has two distinct aspects:
* At run time, objects of a derived class may be treated as objects of a base class in places such as method parameters and collections or arrays. When this polymorphism occurs, the object's declared type is no longer identical to its run-time type.
Base classes may define and implement virtual methods, and derived classes can override them, which means they provide their own definition and implementation. At run-time, when client code calls the method, the CLR looks up the run-time type of the object, and invokes that override of the virtual method. In your source code you can call a method on a base class, and cause a derived class's version of the method to be executed.
* Virtual methods enable you to work with groups of related objects in a uniform way. For example, suppose you have a drawing application that enables a user to create various kinds of shapes on a drawing surface. You do not know at compile time which specific types of shapes the user will create. However, the application has to keep track of all the various types of shapes that are created, and it has to update them in response to user mouse actions. You can use polymorphism to solve this problem in two basic steps:
* C# provides full support for object-oriented programming including abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism.
* Abstraction means hiding the unnecessary details from type consumers.
* Encapsulation means that a group of related properties, methods, and other members are treated as a single unit or object.
* Inheritance describes the ability to create new classes based on an existing class.
* Polymorphism means that you can have multiple classes that can be used interchangeably, even though each class implements the same properties or methods in different ways.
